I was in prison for a year and three months for upholding Christian neutrality.
I was in a cell with all types of hardened criminals.
I was sitting at home.
My whole family had been arrested.
They bent down the villages.
We had to go live in the bush.
That was difficult because we had a baby.
The police came in with guns and pointed them at us and handcuffed us.
Searched all our house, took everything away and took us to the detention center.
And that was the beginning of our imprisonment.
I was taken to prison, all alone, scared.
But I trusted in Jehovah that only he could protect me.
During that entire time, what helped me was that I thought that Jehovah God was strengthened me, that he was by my side.
Every day, I would review all my scriptures in my mind and go over them.
That was the first thing I did in the day.
So, never in any time, although I didn't have a Bible, did I feel any spiritual loss or weakness.
During the difficult moments with the baby, we always prayed to Jehovah.
I saw Jehovah as my father, as a real person.
It was like I was hearing Jehovah's voice saying to me,
My daughter, don't worry, I am with you.
So, I never shrugged back. I remained firm.
If I had valued myself, my freedom, my health or material gain, more than my relationship with Jehovah,
I might not have chosen to serve him.
But because I loved Jehovah more than all these things, I was able to choose Jehovah,
even if that meant that I had to serve time in prison.
Now I can freely serve God, attend religious meetings, and go in the ministry with my family.
I felt that Jehovah's hand was with me, that fear is a pit.
The one who gave me so much strength was Jehovah.
If you love Jehovah, love has no fear.
Love finishes fear.
And I can only say that my life, despite everything, has been pleasant.
And I've been so happy.
In fact, there's been so many occasions when it's been positive joy.
So, I feel that that is because I've always kept Jehovah right in front of my mind.
And I'm confident that brothers and sisters that do the same will find Jehovah and bless them, as he's blessed me.
The fact that Jehovah will never forget the loyalty we show him,
and the hope of paradise that he has given us, helps me to feel his love, overcome my fear,
and become determined to serve him loyally forever.